Finally got a chance to come here! What's prevented me from checking out Tiger Den earlier was definitely the crazy long lines -- whenever finishing up dinner elsewhere in Dun Huang Plaza I always saw hoards of people lined up outside. Plus, all members of your party have to be present before they seat you. Anyways, get here at 5:30 and you won't have that issue! Yay!FOODNow, I was in one of those "I am willing to eat anything" type of moods when I sat down and ordered. All of their ramen is under $10, which I thought was pretty nice compared to other ramen hotshots around H-Town. Depending on your appetite you could go for extra noodles, which is +$2.50. I went for the garlic black bean ramen. There were fried bits of crunchy crisp garlic floating around in the broth, which added some nice texture. Chashu wasn't mind-blowing but at an acceptable softness, and the egg was almost too soft! Usually the issue I encounter is overcooked ajitama egg, but Tiger Den did a good job at keeping their eggs soft and gooey.The broth itself was not overly salty, but my major complaint was that there wasn't a lot of liquid in my bowl. Because I was starving I had ordered a serving of extra noodles and by the time I dumped those into my bowl it looked more like noodles with sauce rather than noodles in soup. That being said the broth was still flavorful enough to coat all of my noodles in goodness.Now, I'm a sucker for thick noodles but Tiger Den still does a good job with keeping their noodles chewy while using the thin Hakata kind. A couple of my friends got their Dipping Noodles (on the chalkboard, not on the menu) which, after stealing a bite, I would also recommend. AMBIENCEWhoa, what? I'm writing an ambience section for a restaurant in Chinatown? Why yes, yes I am. Tiger Den put some effort into decor, so in return I will write a shoutout of appreciation. J-rock blasts out of the speakers spontaneously, and the walls are covered in graphic designs of what I presume to be Japanese alleyways where you can find ramen street food. The lighting is dimmer, and the chopsticks are wrapped in paper with 'Tiger Den' printed on them. There's an open kitchen near the back of the restaurant so you can see the cooks churn out your noodles, and the wooden seats are dark and polished.Overall, if you can avoid the lines, I'd recommend this place. Would come again!