Bought a restaurant.com coupon for this place that offered $25 off $50. This place is not the best Thai food I've had...but the price is good.The location is kind of weird. It's kind of ghetto and sketchy. There's a gas station sandwiched between Nara Thai express (on the right) and a make your own Thai bowl kind of food, which is also owned by nara. This location of nara only serves lunch food so some of the dinner options you see on the online menu you won't see here. Parking is not an issue here. This place has reserved customer parking in the front. Okay now on to the food. Because of the coupon I order a lot of food. Each entree allows you to choose the type of meat it comes with. You can choose between tofu, mock duck, chicken, beef, shrimp, duck, or a combination of two, A simple breakdown of the menu is appetizers, soups, fried rices, noodles, stir fry, and curry. For the appetizers we tried the chicken satay and the thod mun. N-O to both! Chicken satay was very thick meat and very different, not in a good way, from what I've had in other Thai restaurants. The thod mun is a fried fish cake but it was just plain weird in texture...more like a fried pork intestine to me. Just take my advice and steer clear from appetizers. Well maybe the egg rolls and crab rangoon might be safe.The only reason I'm giving this place 4 stars is for the entrees. All the flavors er delicious and for the price of about $7 (got everything with chicken) I can't complain. We ordered the mamsam curry, pad see ew, poorman noodles, anothai fried rice, and thai cashew nut stir fry. The curry was the special of the day and really good! It was a yellow curry that was slightly sweet. The chicken in it was so tender and the dish was delicious paired with rice. The pad see ew was my favorite. It's your pretty standard pad see ew so I suggest getting this one! The poorman noodle was also not bad but made with ramen noodles. The anothai fried rice kicked a slight punch due to the shrimp powder. Add some of the spicy garlic sauce in there and wow delish. The chicken stir fry was also super yummy. The chicken was slightly fried so it was somewhat crispy. Overall this place exceeded my expectations. Even though the appetizers were quite awful, the entrees and price completely changed my mind.