As one of the many devout worshipers of the inimitable Mala Sichuan, I was excited to learn that this bistro had opened just five minutes from my place. So I made my way over one Sunday evening for a taste-see. The line was practically out the door, so it's a good thing we had a reservation. The atmosphere is interesting. It might have been intimate-- looks to seat around 40 or so-- if not for how incredibly loud the place was. The decor is fairly minimalist, with curious quirks like hanging corn and radial lighting fixtures. But let's get to the grub:TMD Soft Bacon: Not as spectacular as advertised, but still a monumental dish. The bowl comes with thick layers of fatty belly that melt into nothingness in your mouth, but not before pleasing your taste buds. The pork comes with a heap of dried vegetables that are, somehow, saltier and almost as wholesome as the meat. A must-order dish, in case you didn't already know. Hot Diving Fish: Easily my favorite dish. A generous serving of succulent white fish in a vibrant sauce, tossed with green and red chilies. Spicy but not too spicy and flavorful to the max. Pepper Twins Chicken: Single-handedly drops Cooking Girl at least a star in my book. This dish cannot hang AT ALL with the Mala version, which has infinitely more complexity in taste and sensation. The chicken here isn't fried, but boiled-- or at least seems that way-- and relies almost entirely on the numbing mouthfeel of the peppercorn, making it fairly bland.  Dry Fried Green Beans: Great crisp texture and light flavor. Pretty solid vegetarian dish. But they're just green beans, and that definitely limits the ceiling a little. All in all, two very good dishes, a mediocre one, and one that I won't be ordering again. None of it was very spicy at all. That puts it in the 3.5-4 star range for me. But what convinced me to round up is, quite simply, the service. The amiable waitresses will downright treat you like family; they'll even plop down right next to you to take your order! Warm service is not typically, or maybe stereotypically, a hallmark of authentic Chinese establishments, but Cooking Girl is truly an exception. I will be back soon with reinforcements so I can test out more of their menu.