I had high expectation about this place after talking to my friend on Monday and couldn't wait to try them. We decided to try it out on Thursday (which was yesterday :P) and I couldn't wait. I was looking forward to it the whole week. Anyway, this place reached my expectation. It is as good as it gets. The atmosphere kinda reminds me of a lounge. It's kinda dark and "romantic" and classy. Unlike Samurai Noodle (which is bright) this place kinda gives me the feeling that I could drink sake and I wouldn't know time passed.As soon as we got in, we were greeted and brought to our seatsWe were given menu and we decided to get Gyoza (4.95), Fries with Truffle ketchup (3.95), spicy tonkotsu (10.95) +egg ($1) and black tonkotsu (12.95)I love the fries. It was done perfectly. But I am so so about the truffle ketchup. (Remind me not to get truffle anything next time please.) Gyoza was normal to me (lots of juice) which is good of course. I have no complaints against it :)I got the spicy tonkotsu. You get to choose mild, spicy or hot (with hot being the HOTTEST!|) I chose spicy.. It was spicy enough for me to not need to put any available on the table's hot sauce. :) I love spicy and I conisder myself to eat a lot of hot items, apparently this one is something that I wouldn't choose the hottest they can offer..(imagine what HOT would taste like... maybe fire??) You get fresh garlic for free (which is awesome!)For the spicy tonkotsu, the broth was thick and good. I love it. The noodle was a little too hard for my taste. Didn't like it as much. It comes with "wood ear", two slices of pork belly, and I had to add an extra egg ($1) for it. The egg wasn't seasoned, which is fine I guess.. :P I like Ninja Ramen's egg alot. My friend's black tonkotsu was great as well (the thin noodle). The broth is good and rich with garlic!!I would recommend this place. I will post the pictures as well :) I would give it 4.5 stars because I didn't like the noodle as much but that pretty much round up to 5. :)