Parking is a bit tricky so if you are with at least one other person, drop them off so y'all can put your name down, but Cooking Girl is definitely worth the wait!  My bf and I waited about 20ish minutes till we were seated on a Tuesday night.The place is really cute, and I love how open it is...just wondering if they are going to utilize the square space more?  Anyways, once seated they surprise you with complimentary wonton strips covered in chili oil and sugar, how can you not love this?  However, as many other yelpers mentioned I was sad to not get other on the house goodies of the fruit/jello plate/animals...maybe next time!Dry Fried Green Beans (Gan Bian Si Ji Dou)-I really liked this dish, maybe it was because it was the first thing to come out, or I really was way too deprived of vegetables, either way it was yummy.  These green beans weren't like the skinny long beans but somehow chunkier, but regardless these were cooked well, blistered skin and snappy when bitten into and tossed with yumminess.  OK, so I don't know exactly what yumminess entails but probably some Sichuan numbing peppercorns, ginger, scallions, garlic and a generous amount of sweet/pickled mustard greens and NOT super oily, but don't worry I am sure these still had plenty!TMD Soft Bacon-OMG ok I really liked this dish, I don't typically gravitate towards meat, but by the end of the night, my bf was fighting me for the last pieces.  These slow cooked/braised pork belly pieces had a nice meat/fat ratio and great flavor.  It was a bit sweet and salty but not overly, and mixed with the pickled greens a nice sour note to round out the flavors.Hot diving fish-Haha we saw this dish coming towards us and thought it wasn't ours because it looked like tofu, but man these fish were soo tender it fell apart like tofu and the seasoning was also good.  OK, so I was a bit confused as to the Sichuanese of this dish but it had the similar numbing peppercorns, but also Thai peppers, regardless a good tasting dish.Overall, I really enjoyed my first dining experience at Cooking Girl. The dishes here weren't super spicy as other Sichuan restaurants but decent portions, great flavor, nice atmosphere and great service!  Haha maybe it is because I am too used to Chinatown but the staff actually attempted to have a conversation with you and even packed our leftovers as well as gave us fresh rice to go, all with a smile on their face!