I had heard enough about this restaurant and decided to give it a shot today. First impressions, the place itself appears to be outdated in its design, with four ceilings fans, running consistently that makes me wonder if the dust would get into my food. The walls are mismatched with a collage on one side, orange and blue on another wall, along with spiderweb spread over it to symbolize that it is after all Halloween month. The most disgusting thing, I must say, is the dessert frigerator, with overflowing candy bowls on top of the fridge, with other storage that the public can see when they walked into the restaurant. Oh, yes, the fridge is not entirely clean either. There is no waiter service, as a matter of fact, the two guys there took turns bringing out food and running the cashier stand, which the stand looks like a church podium or music stand, it is really hard to tell. But, it does look quite ridiculous, in my opinion. I had to go to the stand itself to order food, at least it took my credit card and didn't ask me to take out cash. After ordering a teaser egg roll, and a ginger chicken plate with rice, I was handed a ticket stub and offered to sit down. The drinks are self serve, but no one told me where the cups are, it is as if the owners treated everyone like a regular and that newcomers are expected to figure things out. At least the food arrived in reasonable speed, but I woudln't expect any slower, since they were only 8 of us at 12:30pm here, in the heart of the midtown of a huge metropolitan area. The person who brought the food, was the other person helping out with the money to begin with, didn't say anything to me or asked me how I was doing. The food is ok, the ginger was as least flavorful and not exactly overpowering, but the rice was dry and there was hardly any sauce. I also found the plate presentation quite interesting, so to speak, with two small 2 inch long egg rolls on a 8 inch plate with cucumbers, lettuce leaves and shredded carrots. There is surely a lot of work that needs to be done here, so to speak, and ordering two egg rolls and a plate of chicken and rice for $13 for lunch is kind of pricy given its mediocre service and atmosphere. I definitely would consider getting rid of the fans and the ugly refrigerator case away, I don't feel safe eating while I sitting there and watching the employees there climbing up and down grabbing and refilling candies by the door fearing dust would get in the food.