Huynh Restaurant is an authentic Vietnamese restaurant on the edge of downtown Houston.  It offers a surprisingly nice interior, convenience to the George Brown Convention Center, and a huge menu that covers Vietnamese cuisine very nicely.My Overall Rating - 4 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - If you're looking for Huynh Restaurant for the first time, you may miss it.  It's on the outskirts of downtown in a non-descript shopping center.  But once you pass through the door, you'll find a very nice restaurant.  This is probably one of the nicest Vietnamese restaurants I've been to with an authentic menu.  There's nice dim lightly and a red, warm glow.  The restaurant has a very classy feel and finish.  I'll be honest, I'm used to the Vietnamese restaurants off Bellaire who put very little effort into the interior.  Huynh Restaurant stands out in a very good way.  1 Star.Service - No issue here.  We had multiple people help us, from a member of the staff taking our order to multiple runners bringing out food when ready.  Never had an issue with drink refills or clearing tables.  Nothing but great service.  1 Star.Food - A mark of a true Vietnamese restaurant is a menu with 100+ items.  Huynh Restaurant fits into this mold.  Sometimes a large menu prevents some outstanding dishes to stand out.  You end up doing many things well vs. a few things great.  I had the fried Cornish hen rice plate with a fried egg.  The hen had great flavor, but I felt it was too well done.  The result was a dry hen.  Luckily it came with a soy dipping sauce that was delicious and helped with the dryness.  The eggrolls were great too.  These are Vietnamese style rolls fried in rice paper vs. Chinese style eggrolls.  These came out piping hot.  If you order these (and you should), I recommend wrapping the rolls in romaine lettuce &amp; dip in Vietnamese fish sauce.  Lastly, their pho was good, but I recommend skipping this and trying other Vietnamese dishes.  1  1/2 Star.Will I Return? - If I'm staying downtown.  Huynh Restaurant is very good, but honestly is a restaurant I would visit only because I was downtown.  There are too many choices in Houston that are so close together it's hard to imagine driving all the way to downtown just to go.  That said, if you're working in Houston and want a true Vietnamese menu to expense, Huynh is the perfect spot.   1/2 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.