First off, in case anyone is confused by Asia Market and Asia Market Thai Lao Food....let me explain what I understand.....because I was so confused when I was trying to find either one of these places. The original owners of Asia Market at West Calvacade left to work on an establishment at Fulton Street (east side of 45). I drove by it and looks to be under construction still (will try it when it opens). The old Asia Market at West Calvacade is now operated by new owners (heard the old chef is still here) under Asia Market Thai Lao Food. I think this may have happened this year? Not positive.Anyway this place is in a sketchy part of the greater heights. But don't let that alarm you. This place serves great quality food at amazing prices. Walking in I was like a deer in headlights to be honest. Haha. The place is like a grocery store/convenience store/restaurant in one. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to order from the cashier guy or seat my self. Ugh..I hate walking into a restaurant not knowing what to do lol. But thankfully the cashier guy was there to tell me to take a seat and a waiter will be with me shortly.We ordered 3 dishes: Pad kee mao (this name may be spelled wrong lol) with shrimp was delicious! The basil definitely added to the umphh in flavour. This was my favorite of all the dishes. Get this!!!Massaman curry with beef was tastey. I only wish the potatoes we're cooked a bit more. I liked the cherry tomatoes they put in. Something different.The chicken wings were good as well.. Nice and crispy with some kind of sweet chilli dipping sauce to go along with it.Also ordered Thai tea. I've never really had a bad Thai tea before so I enjoyed it. Overall, I really liked this place for the price and quality. Our bill came out to be $30. Not bad not bad. Next time I'd like to try the Tom Yum soup and maybe one of the salads or a different curry. And next time I will get spicy. The medium was like a mild. Also....I love that this place has a mini grocery area connected to it. So check it out if you have any Asian grocery needs. And pay in the front at the cashier. I wasn't able to tip on card fyi.