It's kind of nice to see a ramen place that's more casual/no-frills than the overhyped fanfare of other shops with long waitlists. My boyfriend and I came during a quiet weekday late lunchtime, but the restaurant was still relatively full (about half capacity at 3pm or so).I was in the mood for something spicy, so I got the Spicy Miso Tonkatsu (extra rich). I was a little disappointed to not see any spicy tonkatsu since I didn't really want miso. My boyfriend went for the Tonkatsu since it was his first time getting "real" ramen. My broth had a nice level of spice, with all the flavor I wanted, but without broaching that "burning in the back of my throat kinda hurts to breathe" level. My boyfriend's tonkatsu broth was amazing - so rich and porky. It was the perfect example of a broth that's obviously been simmered for hours. It had a level of depth far beyond that of Jinya's (which I had eaten the previous day). After trying Samurai Noodle's broth, my suspicions that Jinya falls back on MSG to pump up their broth were confirmed. Samurai's truly exemplifies a broth that has the full depth that comes only from really using pork bones alone. The toppings here are fairly sparse, but it's always possible to add more. Not to mention, the prices here are lower than Jinya, so you could add more toppings and end up with as many as theirs, but with a much better broth. The noodles are fairly springy, and it's nice to be able to get them to order, customizing their level of doneness. The only problem with the food was the pork slice that topped my ramen. The pork was definitely on the lean side, which isn't what you want when you're going for chashu pork belly. That broth though...I slurped up the whole bowl. The service was a little awkward/stilted, with the servers a little slow to seat us and to take orders. This is mostly why I'm taking one star off. Overall, however, it's nice to have a ramen spot without a long wait and with a convenient location. The broth here is truly superior and has a greater depth to it than any competitor ramen shops in Houston.