I love soups and broths. I love spiciness. When you combine spicy and soupy together, I'm pretty happy. So when they introduced me to their inferno and double inferno spiciness for their ramen broth--well, I was in heaven. I realize it's not traditional ramen, and that's okay with me. I'm all about fusion, so call this fusion ramen, and just enjoy it!The noodles are perfect. Jinya has both the thing and thick noodles, so you can make your choice. They have the option to build your own ramen bowl with whatever add ins you want or you can order from the pre-made bowls that have names and fit together. They provide a ramen seasoning on the table so you can give the broth a bit  more oomph, and it even has chunks of flavor in it (onion and garlic and ginger with the seasoning), and some of the hot chili sauce too.We fell in love with the tempura battered and fried brussells sprouts, so so yummy.They do have a bar-like atmosphere, so it's not exactly a 'family' type feel. I would imagine on a weekend evening, it gets crowded and loud. With the center eating area all bench style, community type dining, you might end up sitting next to someone you don't know. In fact, the booths that run along the wall and the tables are so close together, it's like you're dining with other people. THAT I don't like. In fact, I don't like it enough that it's the main reason they are getting four stars instead of five. For me, I just don't like the interior atmosphere and it's awkward with a wheelchair when the place is busy. When it's slow, I can sit in the corner and not feel so crowded.So we mostly order to go now, and it's really good. They pack it nicely and easy to set up at home. The wontons are good too. The chicken slices are a bit... meh. I love the fresh spinach. Fresh garlic is free too! Get the crispy fried onions to toss on top as well. Worth it.This has become one of my favorite meals. Again, I'm a soup and broth nut, and this isn't traditional ramen, but it's got all the things I love about soup  and broth and the added kick of spice and the nice chewy crunch of ramen noodles... it's all good. So good!And if you're young and single, this is a nice little ramen bar with decent drinks--try the cherry tree drink, I forget the name of it, but it's so good!