I'm gonna try something new and write this review as I'm eating...First things first (impression): Nice decor, VERY clean and spacious. Music is modern and pretty nice, actually. Waiter immediately asked for drinks as he seated me, very quick service.What I ordered: Goi cuon (2pc) and Bun Thit NuongWaiter guy actually asked if I wanted my nuoc mam spicy or not!! That's the first time I've ever been asked that, +1 man! Goi cuon was ON POINT OH MY GOD THE PEANUT SAUCE. I might actually ask if I can take some home, it's THAT good.Bun thit nuong is so far so good! Meat is tender and actually chews like a decent cut of meat! Flavor is great too :) veggies are very fresh and crunchy too, especially the bean sprouts - which make or break this dish for me! Fish sauce is good, not too fishy and not too watered down :3Waiter asked if all was good, and with a big ol' noodle grin I said HELL YES and asked for an egg roll to go with my noodles. Ugh I can't stop chowing...I wonder if I'm being too noisy? :/ oh well, munch noises are a good thing in my book...unless you start getting into the moan n munch territory - in which case, slow down bub. Woah, the waiter knows customer names! Oh god this egg roll smells heavenly. I know it's going to trigger my prego self's nausea later (damn fried food, why you gotta be so good?), but I LIVE IN THE MOMENT MAN. Ugh the crunch...THE CRUUUUUNCH. I'm burning the crap outta my mouth right now but it is worth it. Interesting flavor, not like the typical Viet egg roll but still great! Wrapper seems to be rice paper rather than the usual egg based wrap, cool! (Still hot, actually)Alright for the sake of length I'm gonna cut myself off here, and leave with this TL;DR - Noodles Inc is GREAT. Great great. Cage the Elephant just came on, +1. Food is great, place is great. I think this'll be the first time I ask to speak to chef, because WOW. Really broke up the routine flavor that I'm used to, in the best way possible! Definitely stop by if you're in the area, there's a boba place next door too! Bonus points :)Edit: HOLY FREAKIN CRAP I just walked outta there only spending 12.94!! For a meal of that quality, that is AWESOME.