I've had a lot of Vietnamese food, especially because I'm from the Bay Area in California and there are a TON of Vietnamese places there. I came here on a weekday for lunch and it was really busy, but probably because I came from a conference at the convention center nearby and so did a bunch of others. I waited for a bit for a seat, and when I sat down, the waitress immediately asked what I wanted to order, since I was waiting for a while. I was somewhat taken aback at this because I didn't know what I wanted (well, I sort of did based on reading Yelp reviews prior), but she helped me make some decisions. I ended up getting the iced coffee because there was a smiley face next to it in the menu, fried eggrolls Vietname-style, and shaken beef (com bo luc lac). They were all really good. I was confused about how the iced coffee worked at first, and I guess I looked confused enough to warrant the waitress coming over and explaining how to do it. I let it seep some more while I ate my other goodies. The fried eggrolls came with lettuce and bean sprouts, so I wrapped the eggroll into the bean sprouts and dipped it into the fish sauce that came with it. The fish sauce was pretty light, and the eggrolls were well-fried. There could have been more filling in my opinion, but it was crisp and went well with the lettuce. The shaken beef was pretty good too. The beef was tender, and there were bell peppers, onions, lettuce, and jalapenos in the dish. It came with rice, an egg, and a small dish of lemon juice with black pepper. They should probably warn people that there are jalapenos, because they were pretty spicy. I enjoyed them though because I like spicy food and have a high spice tolerance. The whole dish was flavorful, although it was either really oily or too watery because there was a bunch of liquid at the bottom of my plate. I actually scooped all my food off onto another plate for the time being and ate it as such. In the middle of my meal, I was going to make my iced coffee. I guess I looked confused again, because the waiter who happened to walk by at that time asked whether I knew how to do it and he just made it for me. It was way too sweet though; too much condensed milk. I ended up not finishing that because it was basically drinking sugar water. The iced coffee flavor was there though, and it was pretty strong. Anyway, the service was pretty good; waiters and waitresses came by to see how my meal went. It was a pretty pricey meal though, I think costing around $20 post-tax. I would recommend it!