So I think I've been here enough times, and had enough experiences to finally write a thorough review. The reason I give 1 star, and 0 star if it was possible, is because of the most horrific experience I've ever had in a restaurant. Of the 4-5 times I've been here, service has been okay. You order, you get your food and that's it, it's the best that China town gets. Now, the last time I was here, it was worse than that. I came in at around 9PM on a Tuesday night. It was pretty quiet, and we were sat pretty quickly in the middle section of the restaurant, where you usually share a big table with other parties. Everything was going well, until our waitress Cyndi came (thank god for receipts for telling you who your wait staff is), whom we later found out was the unfit "manager." There was no introduction, no "hi, how are you?" She just took our orders and left. We ordered two ramen, the takoyaki appetizer, the eggplant, and the squid appetizer. So our waitress came back and basically threw our water and cups and plates on our table, like she didn't even want to be serving. Red flag right there... Anyways, our takoyaki came, and then our eggplant, and then our ramen. Where was our squid...? We finished eating, and asked for a to go box and the check, and we were ready to flag down a waiter to cancel it, when Cyndi shows up with our squid,..AFTER we finished eating everything else. I was irritated already, because she didn't even tell us it was going to take so long for our squid to come (when it was an appetizer), and she didn't come to check on us ONCE to refill water or ask if everything was okay (you know, basic wait staff skills). So I told her we're done, we asked for the check and to go boxes already, take it back, we don't want it. Here comes the funny part...She bluntly told us there was nothing she can do, it's already here and basically made us take it home (when was squid ever good as leftovers...?!?!). I thought this was so wrong because her attitude was so foul when telling us that. I told her I wanted to talk to the manager. WELL, lo and behold, SHE was the manager, So why couldn't you do anything about it? Or you just didn't want to? Not only was she rude as a server, but she had worst attitude ever as a manager and didn't deal with this in a way managers normally would in the hospitality industry. In my opinion, as a manager you are supposed to make things right with customers and turn their bad experiences into good ones as best as you can. Cyndi was just so incompetent and rude. Even when she left to go pack our squid in a to go box, you can hear her slamming things on her way back and throwing the plate down in the back, STILL showing bad attitude (this is not a big place, you can basically hear everything that's going on). Excuse me, but why are YOU mad? We were the customers who got the short end of the stick, when you could have just easily voided the item. So not only was she rude, she was showing bad attitude even though we were already taking the food we DIDN'T want. Honestly, for mediocre food with incompetent service and foul attitude, I am not coming back here ever again. As a tip, I think they should find a new manager who does not have a bad attitude and can make customers feel better instead of ruining their nights. My boyfriend and I had been in the hospitality and service industry for a long time, we know what it's like and quite frankly, we know how service should be given. THIS, is a prime example of what not to do, and if you ever come here, DO NOT have this blonde girl named Cyndi as your waitress because she will give you the worst experience ever. Better yet, make the drive and go to Jinya.