Samurai Noodle is one of those places that you've probably driven by a million times but never noticed until you actually Yelped it. It's on the I-10 feeder heading east before the I-10/Durham intersection; more simply put, it's in the same plaza as the Starbucks. I feel like all the ramen shops in Houston are really randomly located...I came here with my family for my sister's birthday at around 5:30 on a Sunday, and it's a good thing we got there early - Samurai isn't particularly big, and it gets pretty busy; when we left an hour later, there were quite a few groups glaring at us to leave. You can actually get takeout ramen here if waiting isn't your style, though.To start off, we got karaage (glorified chicken nugs) and green onion chili pork (it's shredded and spicy) - both were decent (I think they'd be GREAT with a beer), but I'm not here for these appetizers! I didn't even want them (my family did)! Bring on the ramen!I ordered spicy miso tonkotsu pork belly with an egg. First impressions: this is probably the largest bowl of ramen that I've eaten in Houston. The tonkotsu (pork) broth is so rich and well seasoned, perfect for the noodles, which have a really nice chew to them. Also, Samurai isn't kidding with the term spicy. It's not an overbearing hellfire, but the heat will definitely catch up to you.Definitely order an egg with your ramen - it's a classic Japanese add-in, and Samurai's is CRAZY good. Apparently they have a special cooking process for their eggs, and it pays off - subtly nuanced flavors, creamy yolk texture, seriously rivals what I've eaten in Japan.If you're still hungry and have quite a bit of soup leftover, you can order extra noodles for $1.55, but I was more than stuffed after finishing my original bowl. And drinking some of the broth. Because it was THAT addictive.I'm so glad Seattle's Samurai opened their first out-of-state shop here in Houston. They do ramen justice, and for it to be so close to home? Definitely my new go-to! Aside from when I make instant AT home...