I was so happy to see the original chef was here and stayed at the original location.  I've been back numerous times and happy with my food all which were togo orders, I checked tonight and it showed open till 9 on a search, thought I'll eat in tonight, and I clicked on directions for 1010 Cavalcade on the link with that information to get me there.I get there and I started to sit down and the server who has always been  nice and professional tells me they are only taking to go orders and I said ok but I thought it said 9 and he said no, it's 8 and I said ok.  Well I go to the register to do to go and the guy at the register, who I think is the owner, starts on me about how I'm wrong and I said "it's not a big deal" and he tells me "you need to show me" and I'm like I don't have to show you anything.  "It's okay I'll order to go."He continues attacking me and pulling up his web site and going off about the 9pm thing and how I'm looking at the wrong restaurant and just won't stop and is getting really loud about it and I'm like "it's okay, it's not a big deal."He wouldn't stop, finally I just said forget it I don't need to take abuse over this and walked out and I stop at the door to get my keys and he's telling the guy now at the register and talking about me and going off for the fifth time and I turn around and say I'm right here.  And he just looked at me and said "so?"  Really?  Seriously?  Like are you kidding me?  Over your closing time.  I said it's okay 4 times and I'll do to go.  And he just went off on this smashing my nose into misreading a closing time by accident or seeing a bad time or whatever it was.  Holy cow!  A closing time.  How petty can someone be.He needs to straighten his attitude because if he continues to argue and ridicule customers over  things like this he won't be in business for long.  Seriously who is going to stand there and try to give someone money and take being attacked over a to go order that hadn't even had the chance to be placed yet.  Just say I'm sorry, what can I get you to go and be done with it.