For Korean food, I tend to exclusively shove meat and banchan in my face, so it was nice to eat at a Korean restaurant that focused on some of the other great parts of Korean cuisine, like soup (and noodles)!Korean Noodle House is right off Long Point, and the parking situation is...interesting. 3 businesses (including KNH) share the same 10 available parking spots, and it seemed like people were parking in the church lot across the street? Good luck because I couldn't figure out where it was OK to park.(W o W this review is so helpful so far)The restaurant is VERY small - if you have a large party (6+), you might have trouble grouping tables together. I went for lunch on a weekday and was able to sit down immediately, but I imagine the wait during dinner is insane. At least it's very homey and cozy.When you're waiting for food, the servers will bring out their house kimchi, and W o W their kimchi is probably some of the best I've had recently. You're supposed to use tongs to put some on your plate, but my sister and I dug in straight from the bowl like kimchi heathens. Oops.We ordered the bulgogi/octopus soup and jjampong, a spicy seafood noodle soup. Both had great flavor, but I surprisingly preferred the bulgogi/octopus soup - the jjampong here was a little too spicy and definitely skimpy on the seafood; I found the bulgogi/octopus to be more balanced and also have more meat.Another pitfall: no side dishes. While the kimchi here is friggin' delicious, the lack of other banchan REALLY puts a damper on the whole meal. Where are the cooling side dishes? There's too much hot and spicy that the only way to cool down is with water or ordering cold noodles (and I'm not the biggest fan of naengmyun).Like I said - the kimchi is some of the best I've had. Unfortunately, it can't really make up for the lack of everything else that I want in Korean dining, despite the good flavors.I should say, though, that I do appreciate a restaurant that has posters of K-pop on the walls...I'm pretty sure the owners are fans of Big Bang and Girls' Generation!