There's a free shared parking garage (it was really packed around 7pm on a Tuesday) so try your luck or there's street parking. We were also told you could park for free at Home Fashion across the street.Is there enough to fit a group of 10? Yes! (They don't take reservations and most of the group has to be there before they'll seat you). There's two big tables in the center of the restaurant that can hold about 20 ppl each and smaller booths and tables on the sides. Nice décor and atmosphere of the restaurant and very attentive staff.On to the food! For appetizers, we ordered the pork gyoza, brussel sprouts tempura, takoyaki (octopus balls), jinya bun w/ chashu pork, and the spicy peppers. For us, there wasn't actually one particular "stand out" appetizer as they were all good in their own way, but nothing "wow-ing."I ordered the JINYA No.1, tonkotsu black. It consisted of pork chashu, kikurage, green onion, seasoned egg, thin noodles, and my favorite nori dried seaweed in pork broth. Broth flavor was good and presentation was noticeable. You actually get the whole egg without paying any extra and was runny the way it should be. Everything put together blended well, would recommend for ramen first-timers! I also got a chance to try the No.3, tonkotsu assari. With it being $3 less and what had seemed to be the same ingredients on the menu besides the thick noodles, some opted for that option. There is a difference in the broth flavor between the No.1 and 3! Assari wasn't bad, but didn't have as much of a flavor kick as No.1, no nori and only came with HALF an egg. We preferred the tonkotsu black between the two.I'm sure we'll be back, I'll probably try the spicy chicken ramen, as it looked and was told by my friend it was really good. No real issues from beginning to end and they can do split checks. This newcomer definitely has an upper hand on not only the ramen, but ambiance when compared to all the other ramen places in town so far. Glad they opened this second location in town!