I was praying to the food gods to send me a decent ramen place and my pilgrimage is finally over. This place is a bit cozy but it is totally worth it. I wasn't prepared for the communal tables that are in the middle of the dinning restaurant. This would be great for a large party but I am anti-social to an extent. Like when my mother said to be wary of strangers, that lesson stayed permanently embedded in my cerebellum. I like don't mind being around people but I hate making awkward eye contact with some stranger in front of me. On top of that, I catch myself looking at them eating which conversely means that they do the same. That makes me uncomfortable but then again that is a never ending list. Anywho, the menu is easy to follow. You have your a la carte options, entrees, and combos. I started off with the fried brussel sprouts. These things are pretty good and come with a cute box (I'm easy to impress sometimes). At the table there are three types of condiments, gyoza sauce, soy sauce, and sriracha. I'm a big fan of the dumpling sauce so I basically put that sh*t on everything. The person with me gave me one of his dumplings. It was good but really small. It came with the soup, salad, dumpling combo. Now on to the actual ramen. I got the cha cha cha with nori ($1extra). The broth is warm soothing and flavorful with the noodles are toothsome and delicious. I love soup like this. It is definitely comfort food in Japanese soup form. Like I don't know how else to describe it other than a warm hug you didn't know you needed. The pork in the dish had a layer of fat on it that usually turns me off like know other. But it seems that japan has found a way to make fat just immediately melt in your mouth. I asked them to make it has hot as they could and I couldn't feel the burn (Bernie 2016).I didn't have the pleasure of eating dessert here but I did have some regular cocktails (Vodka tonic $7) The bar is in the front of the restaurant which is convenient when they are on a long wait.This place is really good and in a very nice location. I would find it dangerous if I went to the 24hr fitness that is located next door. I would workout and immediately undo all of my progress at this place. I will be back, sooner rather than later.