I grew up in Sichuan and I have to say Cooking Gril is the best Sichuanese food restaurant in the Houston. Their food was so authentic that reminds me of real home cooked food from Sichuan!  The restaurant is clean, cozy, and service is much better than the average Chinatown restaurant. We walked in at dinner time without any reservation, the restaurant was very busy but we got seated immediately. Their menu contains authentic Sichuanese dishes for the food adventurer, and also they have some American-Chinese food like General Tsao's Chicken for people who are just craving yummy comfort food. We ordered: Cold Noodles: The cold jelly noodles are made of green bean powder if you are wondering. We loved the taste of this dish, it's savoury and fresh. The cucumbers that came with it added a crispy texture to the food,  great starting dish. Fried Lamb: The dish's Chinese name is 农家小炒羊肉，which actually means "Sauteed Lamb Meat." So yes, they probably need to consider to change the English name of the dish on their menu. The meat was delicious and fresh. I didn't notice the special unpleasant lamb smell at all. Red Cooked Meat: Warning! This dish is very, very, very rich. If you are type of eater who afraid of eating bacon, cheese fries, you should consider skip this dish. The dish is made of pork-belly chunks, and these chunks are 50% fat+skin, 50% lean meat. This is how the dish is supposed to be, and the best way to enjoy this dish is to eat the entire chunk at once. I tried a little bit of the food and it was pretty good. Sichuan Peppercorn Chicken: Star of the night! I love the fact they imported many of the spices from Sichuan, and this dish showed how they take their food business seriously. This dish contains Chicken chunks and original blue Sichuan peppercorn. It gives the food a special aroma and tingling flavor. We finished half of the chicken before the other dishes had been served.Sichuan food can be very oily as the dishes need hot oil to bring out the aroma of the dry chili. However, all the dishes we ordered from Cooking Girl were not greasy at all. Their food tasted delicious and also pretty healthy compare to other Chinese restaurant.The only downside is they got really busy, and their waitress just lost track of the table. My party of three decide to order more food after ravished four dishes, and we knew what we want. We stopped the waitress and tried to tell her we wanted to order more, she gave us a menu and walked away and never came back. So we decide to end our feast there, to our surprise, they gave us a cute plate of complimentary desert made of fruit. Who doesn't like banana dolphins? Overall, this restaurant provides authentic delicious home cooked food. I'll definitely come back. Life is too short, eat more Sichuanese food.