Parking: Very small and difficult. Most likely you will have to park along the street. The only parking dedicated to the restaurant is right in front of the restaurant.   Time and Day: Arrived on a Friday night at 7:00 PM, restaurant was around 75% full.  Food: They have a wide variety of dishes but the problem is there is no description of the items. So for some of the items, I had no idea what it really was until it came out. We ordered a variety of dishes, so I was fortunate to be able to try a little bit of everything.  Overall, the food gets a 3.5/5. 1) Mongolian beef: The meat was very soft and flavorful.  Recommend to try this, 4/5.  2) Dry fried green beans: They used a lot of sauce for the green beans to give it a kick, but the sauce used tastes mediocre. This gets a 3/5. 3) Seafood tofu: Typical tofu mixed in with mushrooms and shrimp. Nothing very special about it so it gets a 2/5. 4) Fried Lamb: Okay so this is one dish that caught me off guard because it is not fried like fried chicken. It is just cooked lamb with vegetables tossed in.  However, the lamb (similar to the other meat dishes) was soft. I think that is what makes the meat dishes good here is that they are so soft. Other than that though, it was okay. This gets a 3/5. 5) Hot diving fish: Favorite dish of the night. The fish was soft, sauce used was amazing, and it was toppled with green onions.  Make sure to drench your fish piece with the sauce before trying it. Highly recommend to get this, 5/5. 6) Dandan noodle: Wonderful. The noodles has a unique, distinct flavor/sauce that I love. Highly recommend to try the Dandan noodles so this gets a 5/5. 7) Fried organic dumpling: I honestly don't taste the difference between this organic dumplings with other dumplings on Bellaire. Seems almost identical to other dumplings served during dim sum. This get a 2/5. Service: Very nice service here. I came with a group of 9 other people and even though the restaurant is very small (doesn't look like they usually serve large groups), we got lucky as a party was leaving and they were able to combine 2 tables for us. Our waitress was overall sweet: took our order without any issues, refilled our water, dropped a bottle of water, and the food came out pretty quickly. The service gets a 4/5.   Price: Price seems justified for the amount and quality of the food. Overall: A small, cozy restaurant with okay food but with friendly and good service. If I wasn't in Chinatown, I would come here but the food here isn't much better than the other restaurants in Chinatown. Overall, this place gets a 4/5.